are these items all your personal belongings ?
this miso shiru is instant .
excuse me .
is it possible to go there by bus ?
i will show you how to get there .
can any of the flight attendants speak japanese ?
just one partially used pack of cigarettes .
i will bring it .
i would like to book a seat on jal flight zero zero five to tokyo for the twelfth of the month .
i said , i don 't require it .
yeah , well , that 's what we specialize in .
please wait a moment . it is ms. minami , isn 't it . you booked a single room for four nights .
where is the women 's restroom ?
the name is simpson .
what price is it ?
fifty cents , please .
please explain how this works .
is someone sitting here ?
you should be promoted if you work very hard .
i would like to check out that camera that 's one the shelf .
please show me that watch .
that 's correct .
i would like shorter sleeves .
can he speak in japanese ?
where can i find the united airlines check in counter ?
a pleasure to meet you .
i have two older sisters and a little brother .
a seat in the non-smoking section , please .
that is just around the corner .
i would like to confirm the reservation on this ticket .
my eyes are red .
i would like two hotdogs for take-out , please .
i don 't feel like eating much .
are there any early morning flights that go to tokyo ?
this coat does not belong to me .
are dogs in japan large ?
please tell me your number .
nice .
a half order , please .
what time is the next delivery run ?
yes , here you go .
i work in the marketing section of wow chemicals .
i am taro yamada .
please exchange dollars into pounds .
please let me examine your vaccination certificate .
she isn 't a foreign diplomat , right ?
i have a burning feeling in my chest .
i would like to make a reservation for a window seat .
please convert this into dollars .
there is something wrong with my right eye .
i would like to sit next to my daughter , please .
this is far enough , please .
what time does that ferry depart ?
that was a fun movie , wasn 't it ?
the sleeves are too slender .
i would like to have breakfast in my room , please .
i 'll have a beer , please .
there you are . how way your meal today ?
yes . please show me that blouse over there .
do i pay the fare on board the bus ?
sure , go ahead .
i would prefer to seat in the rear of the aircraft .
i would like to bring in my rental car .
am i required to have a reservation ?
thank you for inviting me . however , i regret that i already have made plans for that evening . but i would be pleased to be invited somewhere another time .
i would like a telephone card for fifty francs .
where do i get the tickets ?
if you don 't do something , it will be a a problem .
how much will it cost to get to the savoy hotel ?
is it a flat charge to the airport or does it depend on distance ?
thank you for asking me to the party .
what type of work do you do ?
is there a doctor in the hotel ?
which track goes to houston ?
please put your signature here .
i am trying to get to the savoy hotel .
are there any tours in the evening ?
please hail a taxi for me .
that 's east .
that charge is for room service .
yes .
when would it be convenient for you ?
please dispatch a porter to my room for my luggage .
could you bring up some more blankets ?
we have to rush .
i understand .
not much .
is there any jasmine tea ?
yes , certainly . your name please .
it is mr. robinson .
it was very good .
what credit cards can i use here ?
understand this .
in order to get there do i have to transfer ?
where do we check in ?
a single shot of johnny walker black , straight .
what was it that you just said ?
his outfits are very practical .
do you have a table large enough for six people ?
police officers .
how long does it take to spoil ?
the boarding time for delta airlines flight six two three has been delayed .
falling is better if you are unable to stop .
my plans are to go to liverpool .
i would like order to order breakfast b.
are there any flea markets on for today ?
i 'm hot , but i feel cold .
please stop here .
it is a big blue suitcase .
shall we go together ?
could i have this film developed and printed ?
i would like onions , please .
is there a local specialty or something that is particular to this area ?
is it alright to use a flash ?
is it alright for beginners ?
would you have one that is a size up ?
i would like it cooked just lightly .
the main reason is because they had studied so hard in high school and prep school in order to get into university that they want to enjoy the short break before they enter the work force . everyone knows the harsh reality of the japanese worker .
i would like to sincerely apologize .
i would like to order .
yes , i see .
where did you get that ?
please show me how to eat this .
i would like to check out . please send the porter .
there 's an interesting movie on .
is there something that we should n't be doing ?
someone is on the line already .
over there . he will help you .
suddenly , i ca n't see as well .
may i get some bath towels ?
i often run to get to school .
is n't it too sour ?
could i get a discount ?
what services are offered ?
are we allowed to take pictures here ?
let 's weigh this .
this is n't my order .
could i get this sent to japan ?
someone will show you around .
in another fifty minutes
we plan to check out at about ten o'clock .
what size do you need ?
it would be about an hour . it 's not walking distance .
it was delicious beef .
how much is it one way ?
please give me tickets for two balcony seats .
may i get my valuables ?
in high school , i played on the basketball team .
i have the runs .
please show me that one .
all right , ma'am . you 're booked for the flight to dallas . it 's flight three zero zero and it leaves la guardia airport at exactly eight o'clock on wednesday , may first .
what does the wallet look like ?
what 's the distance from here ?
i 'd like to get my hair shampooed and styled .
i would like to change some currency .
can i ask you for a favor ?
how long will it take ?
i feel cold .
yes , sure .
how much do you charge to check this item ?
did anybody call for me ?
i paid already .
there 's no spoon
good afternoon .
the blossoms bloom as the warm weather moves north . finally , the cherry blossoms begin to open in may in the most northern island , hokkaido .
please show me how i can reach this number .
from where did you get the original traveler 's checks issued ?
i 'm okay with it .
how many people are in your group ?
could you see if it is there or not ?
the water swept my fin away .
and after that , we 'd like a salad appetizer . we would like to split it .
is it possible to get a plastic bag ?
this is perfume .
i would like to get a souvenir for my father .
is there a doctor who can speak japanese ?
okay , i 'll get that one .
it was really tough .
go straight and make a left at the second light .
i 'd like a carton of silkcut ones , please .
my condition has improved a bit .
do you sell beer ?
i think deep green is a cool band .
where is the sales department ?
could i do that again ?
is this sold here ?
may i take a better look at that ?
what is the name of the next station ?
here you are .
lenny , has she come back ? has n't she called ? hmm . well , if you catch sight of her or hear from her , tell her to call this number .
i would like to borrow a computer that has a windows operating system .
is it possible to order from the catalog from japan ?
i 've decided on something else now .
my hair is thick .
could i take my medication ?
shall i check your coat for you ?
where do we buy the tokens ?
that 's correct .
are you bringing in any fruit or plants ?
can i use japanese ?
