are all of these your personal effects ?
this miso soup is instant .
sorry .
can i go by bus ?
i 'll show you the way .
are there any flight attendants who can speak japanese ?
it 's just an open pack of cigarettes .
i 'll go and fetch it .
i want to reserve a seat on jal flight zero zero five to tokyo on the twelfth .
i told you that i don 't need it .
yes , well , that is our restaurant 's specialty .
just a moment , please , ms. minami . a single room for four nights , right ?
where is the ladies ' room located ?
we are the simpsons .
how much does it cost ?
this is fifty cents .
tell me how this works , please .
is anybody sitting here ?
work hard . you 'll get promoted if you do .
i want to see that camera on the shelf .
please show me that watch .
that 's right .
i would like something with shorter sleeves .
does he know japanese ?
do you know where the united airlines counter is ?
it 's nice to meet you .
i 've got two older sisters and one younger brother .
please give me a seat in the non-smoking section .
it 's right around the corner .
i want to reconfirm my ticket .
my eyes have become bloodshot .
please give me two hot dogs to go .
i have a weak appetite .
do you have any early morning flights to tokyo ?
this coat is not mine .
are japanese dogs large ?
do you know the phone number ?
wonderful .
please give me half .
what time is the next delivery ?
here you go .
i am employed in the marketing department at wow chemicals .
taro yamada is my name .
please change these dollars into pounds .
let me see your vaccination certificate .
she 's no diplomat , is she ?
i am suffering from heartburn .
i want to reserve a window seat .
please exchange this for dollars .
i 've got a problem with my right eye .
please seat me next to my daughter .
please stop here .
what time will that ferry leave ?
that was an interesting movie , wasn 't it ?
these sleeves are way too narrow .
i 'll have breakfast in my room , so please bring it there .
give me a beer , please .
here you go . how was your meal today ?
alright . i want to see that blouse over there .
do i pay the fare on the bus ?
yes , certainly .
i would prefer to sit in the back part of the plane .
i want to return the car i rented .
do i need to make a reservation ?
it was very nice of you to invite me . it 's a real shame , though , because i have a prior engagement that evening . please invite me again some time .
i 'd like a fifty franc telephone card .
where can a ticket be bought ?
you have to do something about it .
how much does it cost for the savoy hotel ?
is it a fixed or metered fare to the airport ?
thank you for inviting me to go to the party .
what sort of business do you do ?
is there a doctor in the hotel ?
which line goes to houston ?
please sign your name here .
the savoy hotel is where i 'm headed .
are any night tours available ?
please call me a taxi .
east .
the fee is for room service .
yes .
what time is best for you ?
call someone to carry my bags , please .
could you give me some more blankets ?
we have to hurry .
i see .
i don 't have one .
do you have any jasmine tea ?
yes , we can . can i have your name ?
this is mr. robinson .
the food was very tasty .
what credit cards do you take ?
look here .
do i need to transfer on the way ?
where do i check-in ?
give me a johnny walker black , straight up .
what did you say just now ?
his clothes are so practical .
do you have a table that seats six ?
the police .
what is the expiration date ?
there will be a delay for passengers boarding delta airlines six two three .
if you can 't stop yourself , it 's better to fall .
liverpool is where i am planning to go .
breakfast b , please .
do you know if a flea market open today ?
i 've got the chills .
please let me off here .
it 's a big blue suitcase .
how about going together ?
could i have this film developed and printed , please ?
could i have onions , please .
have you got some kind of local specialty ?
is it ok to use a flash ?
is it ok for even for beginners ?
would you have it in a size bigger ?
i want it rare , please .
the main reason is that since they push themselves so hard to study in high school and university entrance exam prep schools , once they enter the university , they are set on taking it easy for a short time before they have to start working . everyone knows that in reality , japanese workers ' lives are no picnic .
i 'm so sorry .
i 'd like to order .
all right .
where could i get a hold of one of those ?
could you tell me how to eat this ?
i 'm going to check out so i 'd like a porter .
there 's an interesting movie showing .
would there be anything that you would n't want us to do ?
there 's someone on the line .
he 's just over there . he will help you .
my eyesight has gotten worse all of a sudden .
could you please bring me a bath towel ?
i run to school frequently .
it 's overly sour .
ca n't you lower the price a bit more ?
what type of services do you offer ?
is it ok to take pictures here ?
let 's weigh it to see how heavy it is .
i have n't ordered this .
can you ship it to japan ?
someone will take you .
fifty minutes .
we 'd like to check out about ten o'clock .
what size do you need ?
it 's an hour or so . it 's too far on foot .
the beef was excellent .
how much is it one-way ?
can you give me two seats in the balcony , please ?
may i please get my valuables back ?
when i was in high school , i was on the basketball team .
i 've got diarrhea .
could you let me take a look at that one , please ?
ok , then , we have you booked on flight three hundred departing from la guardia airport for dallas at eight o'clock exactly on wednesday the first of may .
what type of wallet ?
how far would that be from here ?
i 'd like to have my hair styled and shampooed , please .
i 'd like to get some money exchanged .
could i ask you a favor ?
how long does it take ?
i 've got chills .
sure .
how much do you charge if i leave it ?
do i have any messages ?
i already took care of it .
there 's no spoon .
good afternoon .
the flowers blossom moving northward with the warm weather until finally , the cherry trees in hokkaido , the island furthest to the north , come into blossom around the first of may .
can you explain how to call this number , please ?
where did you get your traveler 's checks originally ?
it 's ok by me .
how many of you are there ?
please take a look to see if it 's there or not .
my swim fin got swept away .
so , we 'd like to have the salad for an appetizer . we want to split it .
may i have a plastic bag , please ?
this is cologne .
i 'm looking to find a souvenir for my dad .
is there a doctor who speaks japanese ?
okay , i 'd like it .
it was terrible .
go straight and when you get to the second traffic signal , go left .
a carton of silkcut , please .
i 'm doing a bit better .
would you have some beer ?
the band i like the most is deep green .
where would the sales department be ?
i want to do it again .
have you got this ?
could i get a closer look at that ?
what would the next stop be ?
yes , this is it .
she has n't come back , lenny ? there 's been no phone call ? gee . ok , if you run into her or hear from her , have her call me at this number .
i want to use a computer with a windows os .
can i place a catalog order from japan ?
i decided something else .
my hair is really thick .
could i get my medicine ?
can i take your coat for you ?
where can i buy tokens ?
that 's it .
have you got any fruits or plants ?
can you speak japanese ?
