are these items all personal belongings ?
that 's instant miso soup .
please accept my apologies .
can a bus take me there ?
i 'll go with you .
do you have any flight attendants that speak japanese ?
those are just an open pack of cigarettes
i can retrieve it .
please make a reservation on jal zero zero five for tokyo , for the twelfth .
didn 't you hear me say that i don 't want it ?
yes , that 's right , it 's our most popular dish .
let me check , you said minami , right ? that 's a single for four nights .
could you tell me where the women 's washroom is ?
we 're the simpsons .
what 's the damage ?
that will be fifty cents .
please show me how to use this .
is this seat available ?
give it everything . if you do that , you 'll get promoted .
would you show me the camera on that shelf ?
could i see that watch ?
that 's right .
could i get something with slightly shorter sleeves ?
is he able to speak japanese ?
could you tell me where the united airlines counter is ?
pleased to meet you .
i 've got two older sisters and one younger brother .
i 'd like non-smoking , please .
right around the corner .
please reconfirm this ticket .
there 's inflammation in my eyes .
can you make those two hot dogs to go ?
i don 't have an appetite .
are any early morning flights to tokyo available ?
this coat is not mine .
are japan 's dogs big ?
may i have the phone number , please ?
perfect .
could you make it just half , please ?
what time is the next scheduled delivery ?
here it is .
i work for wow chemicals in their marketing department .
the name is taro yamada .
could you change these dollars into pounds , please ?
could i see your vaccination certificate ?
she wouldn 't be a diplomat , would she ?
i 've got heartburn .
please book a seat by the window .
could you exchange this to dollars ?
i 've having a problem with my right eye .
please make it a seat next to my daughter .
i 'd like you to stop here , please .
what is the departure time of that ferry ?
what an interesting movie , eh ?
the sleeve design is too narrow .
would you bring my breakfast to my room , please ?
could you give me a beer , please ?
it 's this way . did you enjoy your meal today ?
yes , may i have a look at that blouse over there ?
does the fare get paid on the bus ?
sure , by all means .
i prefer sitting in the back of the plane .
i 'm returning a vehicle .
is it necessary to have a reservation ?
i really appreciate your invitation . it 's very unfortunate but i 've got plans already on that evening . let 's do it some other time .
i 'd like a fifty franc telephone card , please .
where are tickets sold ?
something must be done about it .
what does it cost to get to the savoy hotel ?
the fare to the airport , is it fixed or metered ?
i appreciate you inviting me to the party .
what do you do ?
would there happen to be a doctor at this hotel ?
can you tell me which line goes to houston ?
would you sign here , please ?
i 'm on my way to the savoy hotel .
do you have any tours at night ?
could i get you to call a cab , please ?
that 's east .
that 's a room service charge .
all right .
what time would be good for you ?
i need a bellhop to come and help me with my bags .
could i ask you to bring some more blankets ?
we 've got to hurry .
i see .
it 's not great .
could i get some jasmine tea ?
yes , it 's possible . your name , please .
mrs. robinson .
the meal was very tasty .
which credit cards can i use ?
this is how it is .
must i transfer to get there ?
where is check-in ?
i 'd like a johnny walker black , straight up .
what were you just saying ?
his choice of clothes is very practical .
are there any tables that seat six ?
police department .
for how long do you think it will keep ?
delta airlines flight six two three has a boarding delay .
it 's better to just fall down if it isn 't possible to stop .
i 'm thinking of going to liverpool .
breakfast b , please .
do you know of a flea market that is open today ?
i 've got chills .
can you let me off here , please ?
the suitcase is a large blue one .
how about going together ?
would it be possible to develop these rolls of film and get prints ?
i 'd like onions , please .
do you offer something like a local specialty ?
am i allowed to use a flash ?
will it not be dangerous for beginners ?
have you one that is one size larger ?
could you make that rare ?
i would say that it 's mainly because they 've had to work so hard in high schools and university prep schools that once they get into university they 've decided that they 're going to enjoy that short moment of freedom in their lives before entering the work force . people have no misconceptions about the harsh realities of working life in japan .
i 'm so sorry about that .
may i order , please ?
i 'll do that .
could you tell me where to find it ?
could you tell me how to eat this ?
i 'll be checking out so please call the bell hop .
they 're showing a good movie .
can you think of anything that you do n't want us to do ?
it 's a busy signal .
he 's over there . he 'll help you .
my vision , it 's suddenly gotten worse .
can i get some bath towels ?
it 's frequent for me to run to school .
that 's too sour .
could you lower the price a little more ?
what type of services are there ?
is it all right to take photos here ?
i 'm going to check the weight .
this is n't what i ordered .
could i get it shipped to japan ?
there will be someone to escort you to your seat .
that 's in fifty minutes .
we 'd like to check out at around ten .
what size would you like ?
it 'll take about an hour . i think it 's too far on foot .
i really enjoyed the beef .
what would it cost for one-way ?
i 'd like to have two balcony seats , please .
i 'd like to have my valuables , please .
as a high school student , i played on the basketball team .
i 've got the runs .
can i take a look at that one , please ?
let 's see , ma'am , a reservation has been made for you on flight three zero zero to dallas , and you will be departing from la guardia airport at eight o'clock on wednesday , may the first .
could you describe the wallet ?
what 's the distance from here ?
i want to have my hair shampooed and styled .
i 'm hoping to exchange some money .
is it okay to ask a favor of you ?
how long will it take ?
i 'm shivering .
okay .
how much do you charge for me to check it in ?
did you get any messages for me ?
i have already given you the money .
i have no spoon .
how 's it going ?
as it gets warmer , the flow of budding cherry blossoms travels north ending in early may at the northernmost island of hokkaido .
do you mind telling me how i should call this number ?
where did you get your traveler 's checks issued ?
i 'm totally okay .
how many members of your party are there ?
do you mind checking to see if you have it or not ?
my fin was carried away .
and , could we get the salad to start ? we 're sharing .
would it be possible to get a plastic bag , please ?
here 's some perfume .
i 'm in search of a gift for my dad .
do you have a doctor who speaks japanese ?
okay , i want it .
i had a hard time with it .
you need to keep on going straight and take a left on the second signal .
may i have one carton of silkcut ?
i 'm doing a little better .
is there a selection of beer here ?
deep green is a band that i really like .
which way to the sales department ?
that would be something i 'd like to do again .
would you have these in stock ?
could you let me take a closer look ?
where are we stopping next ?
yes , here .
did n't she come home , lenny ? did she call ? i see . okay , would you ask her to call here when you see her or speak with her ?
i 'm looking for a windows computer to use .
will you accept catalog orders from japan ?
my feelings have changed .
i 've got lots of hair .
could you give me some medication ?
can i grab your coat ?
where is it possible to get tokens ?
you 're absolutely right .
are you transporting any fruits or plants ?
are you able to speak japanese ?
