are these things all just for your own use ?
this miso soup just needs hot water and it 's ready .
i beg your pardon .
does the bus go there ?
i 'll accompany you .
do any of the flight attendants speak japanese ?
just a partial pack of cigarettes .
i 'll go for it .
i want to book a flight to tokyo , jal zero zero five on the twelfth
i told you i don 't need it .
yes , actually , that is our house specialty .
ms. minami , correct ? would you wait for a second ? that was a single room for four nights , wasn 't it ?
where is the ladies ' restroom ?
it 's under the simpsons .
how much is that going to be ?
that 'll be fifty cents .
please explain how this works .
is this seat occupied ?
give your work all you 've got . if that 's what you do , then you 'll move up , won 't you ?
i 'd like to look at the camera on that shelf .
could i possibly have a look at that watch ?
you 've got it .
i want to get something with shorter sleeves .
does he understand japanese ?
where can i find the united airlines counter ?
i 'm so happy to meet you .
i have two sisters who are older and a brother who is younger .
in non-smoking if you would .
it 's right around that corner .
i want to reconfirm the ticket i reserved .
i 've got bloodshot eyes .
make it two hot dogs to go , please .
i don 't want anything to eat .
would you have any flights bound for tokyo leaving very early in the morning ?
this is somebody else 's coat .
do japanese dogs tend to be large ?
could you give me the phone number , please ?
that 's good .
half would be fine .
what time is the next delivery going to be made ?
ok , here .
i do marketing for wow chemicals .
taro yamada is my name .
please exchange dollars to pounds .
i 'd like to check your vaccination documents , please .
she 's not in diplomacy , is she ?
it 's heartburn .
i 'd like to reserve a window seat .
please take this and give me dollars in exchange .
my right eye is acting strange .
i 'd like to sit with my daughter , please .
please pull up here .
what time does the ferry take off ?
that movie was great , wasn 't it ?
the sleeves need to be wider .
i want to have my breakfast brought to my room , please .
i 'll take a beer , please .
here we go . how did you find everything today ?
yeah . could you show me that blouse over there ?
do you pay the bus fare after you board ?
absolutely , please do .
i 'd like to have a seat in the rear of the plane .
i 've brought a car back .
is a reservation a must ?
i 'm delighted that you have asked me . i hate to say it but i have already made arrangements for that night . please do invite me again sometime .
could i ask you for a fifty franc telephone card , please ?
where could i obtain tickets ?
if you don 't do anything about it , there 'll be trouble .
how much will it cost me to get to the savoy hotel ?
is the fare to the airport calculated by meter or do you have an established fare ?
thanks for the invitation to attend the party .
what is your occupation ?
is there a hotel doctor ?
what route is the one for houston ?
can i have you sign here , please .
i 'm heading over to the savoy hotel .
do you have any tours that go at night ?
please call me a cab .
it 's to the east .
that is the room service charge .
sure .
when would be best for you ?
please send someone to pick up my bags .
i would like to have some more blankets , please .
we 'd better get going right away .
i see .
i haven 't got any .
could i get some jasmine tea ?
ok , that is no problem . your name , please ?
that 's ms. robinson .
that was truly delicious .
what cards can i use ?
you know .
will i need to transfer if i go there ?
for check in , where should i go ?
a johnny walker black and i 'll have it straight .
i missed what you just said .
his attire is so practical .
do you have a table that will accommodate six ?
the law .
what 's the length of time i can keep it ?
due to a delay , boarding of flight six two three , delta airlines , will be later than scheduled .
if you find you can 't stop , then it 's best to just fall .
going to liverpool is my plan .
please make mine breakfast b.
today , will there be a flea market going on ?
i feel the chills .
will you stop here , please ?
it is a blue , large-sized suitcase .
would you like to go together ?
can you do these rolls of film for me please ?
give me some onions .
are there any local specialties available ?
is the flash no problem ?
will beginners be okay ?
have you got this , one size up ?
rare will be fine .
the biggest cause is that because they had to study such a lot in high school and prep school , they 're hell bent on living it up when they do enter college for a short while until they have to join the work force after graduation . everyone knows that the reality of japanese working life is fairly grim .
i 'm truly sorry .
may i order now ?
i understand .
how may i obtain that ?
how should this be eaten ?
i 'm checking out so could you send a bell boy ?
there 's an interesting film being shown at the moment .
is there anything we should n't do ?
it 's engaged .
right over there . i 'm sure he 'll be able to help you .
my eyes have suddenly started giving me trouble .
could i have some bath towels please ?
i often hare all the way to school .
i think it 's too sour .
could n't you bring the price down a little bit ?
what kind of services do you do ?
are we allowed to take photos here ?
let 's check its weight .
i did n't order this .
can it be mailed to japan ?
an usher will take you to your seat .
it will be in fifty minutes .
we 'll be going tomorrow around ten .
what 's your size ?
an hour , give or take a few minutes . do n't try to walk there .
the beef was really yummy .
what is it one-way ?
could i have a couple of balcony seats ?
please give me back my valuables .
i was on the basketball team during my high school years .
i 've got the runs .
would you show me that one please ?
no problem , ma'am , i 've made a reservation for you on flight three zero zero to dallas , departing from la guardia airport at exactly eight on wednesday , may the first .
please describe the wallet .
what distance is it from here ?
a shampoo and set would be fine , thank you .
is it possible to exchange money here ?
can you do me a favor ?
what will it take ?
i 've got the chills .
sure , no problem .
how much to deposit it ?
were any messages left for me ?
i 've already paid the money .
there does n't seem to be a spoon .
nice to meet you .
with the warmer weather the blossoms head north until they reach hokkaido , our northernmost island , and the cherry blossoms appear there in early may .
tell me , please , how do i call this number ?
who issued them originally ?
i think it 's okay .
what 's the total number of people in your group ?
please ascertain to see if you 've got it or not .
the fin was broken off in the water .
so as an appetizer we 'll have salad . we 'll share .
would you let me have a plastic bag please ?
perfume .
i 'm looking for something for my father .
is n't there a japanese-speaking doctor ?
okay , that one will do fine .
it was fairly hard .
straight on , then go left at the second traffic light .
a pack of silkcut please .
i 've improved a bit .
any beer going ?
i really dig the band deep green .
could you tell me where i 'll find the sales department ?
let 's do it one more time .
can i get any of these here ?
can i see it a little bit more closely ?
where will the next stop be ?
there you are .
lenny , is she still out ? she has n't called ? okay . well , if she does turn up then please tell her to give me a call at this number .
is there a computer with windows available ?
is it possible to place catalog orders from japan ?
i feel differently now .
i have big hair .
will you give me my medicine ?
shall i take your coat ?
where are tokens sold ?
for sure .
have you got any fruits or plants ?
japanese okay ?
