would all of these be personal belongings ?
it 's instant miso soup .
i apologize .
is it possible to get there by bus ?
i 'll escort you there .
are there any flight attendants who speak japanese ?
it 's just a pack of cigarettes that are open .
i 'll get it .
i 'd like to book a seat on jal flight zero zero five on the twelfth , bound for tokyo .
i told you that i don 't want it .
yes , that would be our house specialty .
just one second , ms. minami . a single room for four nights , is that right ?
which way to the women 's restroom ?
simpsons .
how much will that be ?
that 's fifty cents .
would you show me how to use this ?
has this seat been taken ?
try working hard . then , you should be promoted .
may i see the camera on that shelf ?
would you show me that watch ?
exactly .
i would like something with slightly shorter sleeves .
can he speak japanese ?
which way to the united airlines counter ?
i 'm happy to meet you .
two older sisters and a younger brother .
i 'll take non-smoking , please .
just around the corner .
i would like to reconfirm this ticket .
i 've got bloodshot eyes .
i 'd like two hot dogs to go , please .
i lost my appetite .
are there any early morning flights to tokyo ?
this coat does not belong to me .
are dogs in japan big ?
could i get the phone number ?
that 's great .
just a half order , please .
what time will the next delivery be ?
there you go .
i 'm employed by wow chemicals , in the marketing department .
i 'm taro yamada .
i 'd like to exchange dollars into pounds .
i 'd like to take a look at your vaccination certificate .
i don 't think she 's a diplomat , is she ?
i 'm suffering from heartburn .
could i reserve a window seat , please ?
i 'd like this exchanged into dollars .
something is wrong with my right eye .
could i get a seat next to my daughter , please ?
would you stop here , please ?
when will that ferry leave ?
that was an interesting movie , wasn 't it ?
i think the sleeves look too narrow .
i 'd like my breakfast brought to my room .
i 'd like a beer , please .
this way , please . was everything to your satisfaction today ?
yes . would you show me that blouse over there ?
is the fee paid on the bus ?
yes , please go ahead .
i 'd like a seat on the back of the plane .
i wish to return a vehicle .
is a reservation necessary ?
thank you so much for your invitation . unfortunately , i 've got a prior engagement on that evening . i hope that i can take a rain-check .
please give me a fifty franc telephone card .
where would i be able to purchase a ticket ?
i demand that you do something about it .
how much to the savoy hotel ?
is it a fixed or metered fare to the airport ?
thank you for giving me an invitation to this party .
what 's your area of business ?
is there a doctor at this hotel ?
which line goes to houston ?
i 'd like you to sign here , please .
i 'm trying to get to the savoy hotel .
are night tours offered ?
would you call a taxi , please ?
east .
this charge is for room service .
of course .
when 's the best time for you ?
would you send a bellhop to pick up by bags ?
do you mind bringing some more blankets ?
we must hurry .
i understand .
i don 't have one .
is there any jasmine tea ?
yes , sure . could i get your name ?
ms. robinson .
it was absolutely delicious .
which credit cards do you take ?
well .
will it be necessary to transfer to get there .
where do i go to check in ?
a johnny walker black , straight up please .
what was it you just said ?
he has such practical outfits .
have you a table that seats six ?
police here .
how long will it last ?
there is a boarding delay for delta airlines flight six two three .
if you 're not able to stop , then it 's better to just fall .
my plan is to go to liverpool .
i 'd like breakfast b , please .
are any flea markets open today ?
i feel the shivers .
please let me off here .
a large blue suitcase .
shall we go together ?
could i have these rolls of film developed and printed ?
could i have onions , please ?
is there a local specialty or something like that ?
is it all right to use a flash ?
do you think it 's safe for beginners ?
is there something in a size bigger ?
please cook it rare .
i think the main reason is that they had to study so hard during high school and prep school for university entrance exams , so when they get into university they are single-minded about enjoying that short break in their lives before entering the reality of working life . there is a general understanding about the harsh reality of working life in japan .
my deepest apologies .
i 'd like to order .
all right .
where would it be possible to get it ?
please tell me how to eat this .
i 'd like to check out so would you send a bell hop ?
an interesting movie is playing .
do you have something that you would n't want us to do ?
the phone is busy .
you can find him over there . he should be able to help you .
my vision has suddenly deteriorated .
could you bring me some bath towels ?
i 'm often running to school .
i find it too sour .
could i get it a little cheaper ?
what kind of services is it that you offer ?
do you mind if i take pictures in this area ?
let me weigh it and see .
i did n't ask for this .
would you ship it to japan ?
you will be escorted to your seat .
fifty minutes from now .
we plan to check out at around ten .
which size did you want ?
it 's approximately one hour . on foot , my sense is that it 's too far .
that was very tasty beef .
how much is the one-way fare ?
please give me two balcony seats .
please give me my valuables back .
when i was in high school , i was on the basketball team .
i 'm suffering from diarrhea .
could you show me that one , please ?
okay , ma'am , you have a reservation for flight three zero zero to dallas , departing from la guardia airport at eight o'clock , wednesday , the first of may .
what sort of wallet is it ?
how far would you say it is from here ?
please give me a shampoo and style .
i need to exchange some money .
would you do me a favor ?
what 'll it take ?
i 've got the chills .
all right .
what will the cost be to leave it ?
have i received any messages ?
i paid already .
there 's no spoon .
yo .
as the temperature gets warmer , the cherry blossoms come to bloom northward , until it reaches the northernmost island of hokkaido in early may .
how would i go about calling this number ?
where were your traveler 's checks originally issued ?
i 'm fine with it .
how many are in your group ?
could you confirm whether you have it or not ?
my fin has been swept away .
also , we 'll have the salad to start . we 're hoping to split it .
would you give me a plastic bag , please ?
i have some perfume here .
it 's a gift for my father that i 'm looking for .
is there a doctor who speaks japanese ?
all right , please give me that .
i found it quite hard .
you should go straight and take a left at the second light .
could i get one carton of silkcut ?
my condition has improved slightly .
have you any beer ?
i 'd say that deep green is my favorite band .
where is the sales department located ?
i want to try that again .
are any of these available ?
would it be possible to take a closer look ?
can you tell me what the next stop is ?
okay , here you go .
has she not come home , lenny ? has n't she called ? hmmm . then , can you tell her to call me here if you see her or hear from her ?
i 'd like to use a windows computer .
may i place catalog orders from japan ?
i feel differently about that now .
my hair is very thick .
would i be able to get some medicine ?
would you like me to take your coat ?
where might i purchase some tokens ?
exactly .
have you any fruit or plant products ?
do you understand japanese ?
