are these items all for personal use ?
this is quick miso soup .
pardon me .
can i go by bus ?
i 'll go with you and show you .
are there any flight attendants who know japanese ?
only a pack of cigarettes that 's been opened .
i 'll go get it .
i want to make a reservation to go to tokyo on the twelfth on jal flight oh oh five .
i said no .
yes , well , that is what we are known for .
it 's ms. minami , isn 't it ? yes , could you wait a minute ? it 's a single for four nights , isn 't it ?
where 's the women 's room ?
it 's for the simpsons .
what does that come to ?
it 's half a dollar .
please show me how this works .
is this seat being used ?
put all you 've got into your work . if you do , then you 'll get a promotion , won 't you ?
i want to have a look at the camera on that shelf .
would you mind giving me a look at that watch ?
that 's exactly right .
i 'm looking for something with sleeves that are shorter .
does he know japanese ?
where would i find the united airlines counter ?
i 'm delighted to meet you .
i have two big sisters and one little brother .
non-smoking section , please .
just go around that corner and it 's there .
i 'd like to make a reconfirmation of my ticket .
my eyes are red .
two hot dogs and those are to go , please .
i 'm not at all hungry .
are there any flights going to tokyo early in the morning ?
this coat isn 't mine .
are japanese dogs on the large-size ?
the phone number , please ?
that 's nice .
just half , if you would .
what time will they make the next delivery ?
here it is .
i work for wow chemicals , in marketing .
i 'm called taro , taro yamada .
please change these dollars for pounds .
let me see your vaccination certification , please .
she 's not in diplomatic service , is she ?
i 've got heartburn .
i 'd like to make a reservation for a window seat .
please exchange this for dollars .
there 's something wrong with my right eye .
i 'd like to be seated right next to my daughter , please .
please let me out here .
when does the ferry go ?
it was an interesting movie , wasn 't it ?
the sleeves aren 't wide enough .
i 'd like my breakfast to be sent to my room , please .
i 'll have a beer , please .
there you are . how was the food ?
sure . can i have a look at that blouse over that way ?
do i pay the bus fare when i get on ?
that 's fine , please .
i 'd like a seat in the back of the plane .
i want to turn in a car .
will i have to have a reservation ?
it 's so wonderful of you to ask me . unfortunately , i have already made plans for that evening . please do ask me again anytime .
could you please give me a fifty franc phone card ?
where would i be able to get tickets ?
you have to do something about it or you 'll be in trouble .
what does the fare run to the savoy hotel ?
do you use a meter for the fare to the airport or is there a set price ?
thank you for asking me to your party .
what 's your line of work ?
does the hotel have a doctor ?
which is the houston-bound route ?
please put your john henry here .
i 'm going to go to the savoy hotel .
are there any tours at night ?
please hail a taxi for me .
that 's east .
that is the room service fee .
right .
when would be a good time for you ?
please have the concierge come get my bags .
i need some more blankets , if you would , please .
we 'd better get a move on .
okay .
i don 't have one .
would you have any jasmine tea ?
yes , that can be done . can i get your name ?
it 's mr. robinson .
that was a delectable meal .
what cards do you take ?
say .
will i have to make a transfer to get there ?
where would i check in ?
make it a straight johnny walker black label .
what was that ?
his clothing is so sensible .
do you have a table that will seat six ?
police officers .
how long until it goes bad ?
there will be a delay in the boarding of delta airlines flight six two three .
if you can 't stop yourself , then you should fall over .
i am planning to head for liverpool .
i 'll take breakfast b.
is there going to be a flea market that is being held today ?
i feel cold .
i 'd like to get out here , please .
the suitcase is large and blue .
how about if we go together ?
can i get these rolls of film developed and printed please ?
could i have onions ?
is there something like a local dish available ?
is flash photography allowed ?
can beginners do it safely ?
have you got the next size up ?
do it rare please .
the principal reason is that they had to study so damned hard in high school and prep school for the university entrance exams that when they do go to college , they want to relax and enjoy themselves to the full for a while before they go into the adult workforce . it 's well know that the japanese working life is n't a picnic .
i 'm extremely sorry .
i wish to make my order .
i see .
where can i get one ?
could you tell me the best way to eat this ?
i wish to check out so please send a bell boy .
there 's a good movie in the theaters now .
is there anything you want us to leave alone ?
the line is tied-up .
you 'll find him over there . he 'll be able to assist you .
my eyesight has suddenly started to fail .
bring me some bath towels please .
i frequently dash to school .
it 's too tart .
can i have it a bit cheaper ?
what services are available ?
is photography permitted here ?
let 's put it on the scales .
this is not what i ordered .
please send it to japan .
someone will be in to guide you to your seat .
just under an hour .
we 'll be leaving around ten .
what size do you require ?
probably about an hour . walking there is impossible .
the beef was fantastic .
what 's the cost one-way ?
give me two balcony seats please .
please hand over my valuables .
during high school , i was on the basketball team .
i 've got the shits .
can i take a look at that one ?
all right , ma'am , you 're booked on flight three zero zero from la guardia airport to dallas at eight o'clock on wednesday may the first .
what did the wallet look like ?
from here how far is it ?
can you give me a shampoo and style ?
can i exchange some money ?
will you do me a favor ?
how long will it take ?
i feel chilly .
okay .
what will it cost to leave it ?
did i get any messages ?
i 've paid .
where is the spoon ?
pleased to meet you .
as the weather gets warmer , the blossoming moves northwards until at last it reaches hokkaido , japan 's northernmost island , where the cherry blossoms bloom in early may .
what 's the best way to call this number ?
where did you get your traveler 's cheques from originally ?
as far as i 'm concerned it 's okay .
how many people are in your group ?
please make sure whether you 've got it or not .
my fin is missing .
so we 're having salad for the hors d'oeuvre . we want to share .
can i get a plastic bag please ?
perfume .
i want a souvenir for my father .
do you have any japanese-speaking doctors ?
okay , can i have that one please ?
it was difficult .
keep going straight on then throw a left at the second light .
i 'll have a carton of silkcut please .
i 'm a little better .
got any beer ?
deep green are my favorite band .
where is the sales department ?
i 'd like to repeat it .
have you got any of these in stock ?
is it okay to get a closer look at that ?
where is the next stop ?
here you are .
lenny , is she still not in yet ? she did n't phone ? i see . well , if you do find her or she contacts you , tell her to give me a ring at this number .
can i use a computer with windows on it ?
is it possible to place a catalog order from japan ?
i do n't feel like it now .
my hair is bountiful .
can i get my medicine ?
allow me to take your coat .
where can i purchase some tokens ?
that 's so .
are you in possession of any fruits or plants ?
do you know japanese ?
