are all of these items your personal things ?
it 's instant miso soup .
i feel sorry .
can i go there by bus ?
i 'll take you .
is there a flight attendant who is able to speak in japanese ?
just some cigarette packages that are open .
i 'll go to get it .
i want to reserve a seat for the twelfth on jal flight zero zero five to tokyo .
i already told you that i don 't need it .
yes , well , that one is our specialty .
please wait a moment , ms. minami ? it 's a single room for four nights , right ?
do you know where the women 's restroom is ?
simpson .
how much is the price ?
fifty cents is what this is .
please tell me how this is operated .
is this seat occupied ?
work hard . you 'll get a promotion if you do .
i wish that camera was on the shelf .
please show that watch to me .
very true .
i 'm hoping to find something with shorter sleeves .
is he able to speak in japanese ?
where can i find the united airlines counter ?
it 's a real pleasure to meet you .
i 've got two big sisters and a little brother .
please seat me in the non-smoking section .
you 'll find it right around the corner .
i want to have my ticket reconfirmed .
my eyes look bloodshot .
i 'd like two dogs to go , please .
i lost my appetite .
do you have any flights that leave for tokyo early in the morning ?
this coat is not one of mine .
are the dogs in japan big ones ?
please tell me the phone number .
super .
i 'd like half , please .
when will the next delivery occur ?
here it is .
i am an employee at wow chemicals in the marketing department .
i 'm taro yamada .
could you please change some dollars into pounds ?
please let me verify your vaccination certificate .
she 's not any diplomat , is she ?
i have a case of heartburn .
a window seat is the what i want to reserve .
dollars for this , please .
there is something wrong with my right eye .
a seat next to my daughter , please .
could you please stop here ?
what time does the ferry depart ?
didn 't you think that was an interesting movie ?
the sleeves feel like they are too narrow .
please have breakfast brought to my room .
i would like a beer , please .
here you go . how was the meal today ?
yes . i want to take a look at that blouse .
is the fare paid on the bus ?
yes , go ahead .
i would like a seat towards the rear of the plane .
i 've got a car to return .
is a reservation necessary ?
thanks a lot for inviting me . i 'm sorry that i have a previous engagement that evening , though . please ask me again some other time .
please give me a telephone card good for fifty francs .
where can i get a ticket ?
you need to do something and take care of this .
what is the fare for the savoy hotel ?
is the fare a fixed or metered one for the airport ?
thanks for the party invite .
what business are you doing ?
is there a hotel doctor ?
which line do i take to houston ?
place your signature here .
i 'm headed to the savoy hotel .
is there a night tour available ?
call me a taxi , please .
that 's east .
that is a charge for room service .
alright .
when are you free ?
please call for a porter to carry my bags .
would you mind bringing me some more blankets ?
we need to hurry .
sounds good .
not so good .
any jasmine tea ?
certainly , we can . may i have your name , please ?
he is called robinson .
i really enjoyed the food .
which credit cards will you take ?
listen to this .
will i need to transfer to get there ?
do you know where i can check-in ?
i 'll have a johnny walker black , straight up .
what did you say a second ago ?
his outfits are extremely practical ones .
do you know if there is a table that will seat six ?
police officers .
how long will this keep ?
delta airlines six two three will board later than scheduled .
if you can 't stop , falling down is a good idea .
my planned destination is liverpool .
i 'd like breakfast b , please .
are there any flea markets open today ?
i 'm experiencing chills .
i 'd like to get out here , please .
it 's a large suitcase and it 's blue .
what about going together ?
would you be able to develop and print this film , please ?
please give me some onions .
are there any kind of local dishes ?
can we use flashes ?
is it safe even if you are a beginner ?
is there one that is one size bigger ?
i 'll have it rare , please .
the basic reason is that because they drive themselves to study so hard in high school and in university entrance exam prep schools , when they do get into the university , they are intent on enjoying the short time they have before joining the working world . people know that the lives of people who work in japan are , in fact , no easy matter .
i 'm terribly sorry .
i 'd like to place my order .
that 's fine .
where can you get those ?
can you let me know how to eat this ?
i will check out so please get a bell boy for me .
there 's a good movie showing .
is there anything that you would like us not to do ?
the line is tied up .
you can find him over there . he 'll take care of you .
my eyesight has worsened all of a sudden .
can i get some bath towels sent over , please ?
running is how i frequently go to school .
it 's way too sour .
could n't you come down just a bit more ?
what types of services have you got ?
are photos allowed here ?
let 's see what the weight is .
i did n't ask for this .
is it possible for you to send it to japan ?
there will be someone to show you the way .
it 'll be fifty minutes .
we will check out right around ten o'clock .
what is the size that you 're looking for ?
an hour more or less . it 's too far if you 're walking .
the beef was fabulous .
how much would it be one-way ?
can i have two balcony seats ?
would you please give my valuables back ?
i was a member of the basketball team in high school .
i have montezuma 's revenge .
can you show me that one , please ?
ok ma'am , you are booked onto flight three zero zero for dallas , departing la guardia airport at eight o'clock sharp , wednesday the first of may .
what kind of billfold ?
from here , how far away is it ?
i 'd like my hair washed and styled , please .
i want to exchange some currency .
could you do me a favor ?
how much time will it take ?
i 'm having chills .
all right .
what 's the charge for keeping it for me ?
do you have any messages for me ?
it 's already been taken care of .
i 'm without a spoon .
afternoon .
the blossoming of the flowers goes northward as the weather warms until finally , the cherry blossoms in hokkaido , the island farthest north , open up in the early part of may .
could you help me with calling this phone number ?
who originally issued your traveler 's checks ?
it 's fine with me .
how many people are with your group ?
please just confirm if it 's there or not .
my fin was washed away .
so then , for an appetizer , we 'll go with the salad . we 're hoping to share it .
can i get a plastic bag , please ?
it 's perfume .
i 'd like to find a souvenir for my dad .
do you have a doctor who speaks japanese ?
ok , i 'll have that one .
it was horrible .
go ahead and when you hit the second signal , take a left .
i need a carton of silkcut , please .
i 'm a little better .
got beer ?
the band i really love is deep green .
where 's the sales department located ?
i am hoping to do it again .
are there any of these ?
can i look at that up a little closer ?
where will we be stopping next ?
here you are .
lenny , she has n't returned ? has n't she telephoned ? hmmm . right , well if you happen to see or hear from her , would you tell her to get ahold of me at this number ?
i 'd like to use a windows-based computer .
do you accept catalog orders from japan ?
i 've got something else in mind .
i have very thick hair .
could you give me my meds ?
shall i keep your coat for you ?
where would i be able to get some tokens ?
that 's how it is .
have you got any fruits or plants with you ?
can you communicate in japanese ?
